# hello-world
GUIDES/JOINTS AFTER OBJECT CUT TO HELP GETTING PARTS TOGETHER AFTER PRINT (with glue or not)
First. This is the first request I open in github, I have no experience and I dont work programming. Sorry for the inconveniences, any help is welcomed. I have been  redirected by Prusa Helpdesk to talk here.
Second, the problem: One of the most important features of 3D printing is scaling. Unfortunately our base has a limited size. I am pretty sure you had to cut objects in two or more parts to be able to print. Thats not a big deal until parts are printed and you want to join them again. Using superglue with one hand, baking powder with the other hand and eye-adjusting all is a mesh.
Third, the idea: when you cut an objetc, an option should be available, which allows guides/joints/inserts to placed so after printing it is extremely easy to join all parts properly
Fourth, options: I have a few possibilities in mind. The first one is a simple cylinder-hole guidance (or other shape) to be placed on large cut areas. The second option, for thin parts, is an "extra" material which should be placed at a side of the thin part (example: when printing a helmet, which has narrow walls, the guidance could be added at the internal side), third option is that we have not only a guidance but a joint that doesnt require glue as it is mechanically fixed. (If you dont have them in mind I could send pictures, imagine any kids toy arms fixation).
Fifth, the questions: Do you have interest in this idea? is this an option? please contact me as I dont have any experience here.
